updated description of rowsPerPage in export operations (#16048)
apache/druid: docs/multi-stage-query/reference.md

- You can export to Amazon S3 or local storage.
- The destination provided should contain no other files or directories.

> When you export data, use the `rowsPerPage` context parameter to control the maximum size of exported files. The default is 100,000.
> If the result has more rows than this parameter, Druid will split the output into more files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you export data, use the `rowsPerPage` context parameter to restrict the size of exported files.
When the number of rows in the result set exceeds the value of the parameter, Druid splits the output into multiple files.
```
